CCM-RN-79701 (#2090)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/cloud-cost-management.md

:::

## Latest - June 09, 2023, version 79701

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```
### What's new

This release does not include any new features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```
### Early access

**Propagate force cool down** (CCM-12338)
  
  You can now propagate force cool down from primary rule to dependent rules.

>   Earlier, when cooling down a rule from the UI, you had to stop its dependant rules one by one. With this enhancement, you can propagate the stop operation to dependant rules as well. 

Author: ```suggestion
  Earlier, when stopping a rule from the UI, you had to stop its dependant rules one by one. With this enhancement, you can propagate the stop operation to dependant rules as well. 
```
